# Gratipay Terms of Service

These Terms of Service ("Terms") are an agreement between you, a user
("Participant") of the Gratipay service (the "Service"), and Gratipay, LLC
("Gratipay"). They govern your use of the Service and your relationship with
Gratipay. When you register as a Gratipay Participant, you agree to be bound by
these Terms.

If you have any questions about these terms, please contact us:

Gratipay, LLC
716 Park Road
Ambridge, PA 15003
USA
legal@gratipay.com

1. Registration, Security, and Privacy

  1. When you register for the Service, you agree to provide Gratipay with
     complete and accurate registration information. You are responsible for
keeping your account information, including your contact and payment
information, up to date. Gratipay takes our Participants' privacy seriously. We
will only use or share your information and Content as described in our
[Privacy Policy](/about/policies/privacy), which is incorporated into these
Terms.

  1. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account
     information, including your authentication credentials. You agree to
notify Gratipay immediately of any actual or suspected loss, theft, or
unauthorized use of your credentials. Gratipay shall not be liable for any loss
or damage arising from your failure to keep your account secure.

  1. You may only use the Service if you are 13 years old or older, and you
     represent to us that you are 13 or older. If you are under the age of 18,
your legal guardian must consent to your use and must agree to be bound by
these Terms.

1. The Gratipay Model and General Rules

  1. The Service is a platform to enable Teams of Gratipay Participants to
     receive payments to fund **Open Work. Open Work means that the Team provides
a clear path for any individual to voluntarily begin contributing to the Team's
work and to share in any revenue the Team generates. Some examples of Teams
performing Open Work include an open source software project that pays
contributors, or a hackerspace that pays individuals to teach classes or manage
its operations.**

  1. The Participant who establishes a Team is its Owner. Teams may optionally
     have other Members.

  1. When you establish a Team on the Service, you agree that payments will be 
    used exclusively to support the work described in your Team's profile.

  1. When you make a payment to a Team, it is a payment to fund the work
     the Team provides. You understand and acknowledge that your payment does
not entitle you personally to receive any goods or services from the Team,
unless the Team explicitly offers those things to Participants.

  1. By accepting a payment from a Participant, a Team forms an agreement with
     that Participant to perform the work described in its profile. The
Service is a platform to facilitate this agreement. Gratipay is not a party to
the agreement, and is not responsible to either the Team or the Participant if
either party breaches the terms of the agreement (e.g. if the Team fails to
provide the promised services).

  1. Gratipay is not obligated to provide refunds under any circumstance. Teams
     are responsible for producing the work they offer. Gratipay does not
hold funds on behalf of Teams, and does not warrant or guarantee that Teams
will provide the work they promise.

1. Take-What-You-Want Payout Rules

  1. Teams can use the Service's Take-What-You-Want Payouts feature to automatically divide
     incoming payments among Team Members, according to the allocation set by
the Owner and/or Members.

  1. Gratipay does not determine how a Team's Take-What-You-Want Payouts are allocated and is not
     responsible for how Teams internally distribute payments. The agreement
between Team Members and Owners regarding the allocation of payouts is solely
between those parties.

1. Rules for Gratipay Teams

  1. Teams may accept payments on the Service only for **Open Work, meaning that
     they provide a clear path for any individual to voluntarily begin
contributing to the Team's work, and to share in any revenue the Team
generates.**

  1. A Team can only begin receiving payments from Participants once it has
     provided a working withdrawal mechanism for receiving payments (e.g. bank
account information).

  1. Teams and their work must be consistent with Gratipay's [Brand
     Guidelines](http://inside.gratipay.com/big-picture/brand/) and Acceptable
Use Policy.

  1. Gratipay reserves the right to reject, suspend, or remove a Team at any
     time, and for any reason.

  1. Establishing a Team on Gratipay involves an application and approval
     process. As part of this process, the Gratipay community will have the
opportunity to publicly evaluate and provide commentary about the Team.
However, all decisions regarding whether to accept, reject, suspend, remove, or
take any other action regarding a Team belong solely to Gratipay.

1. Fees and Taxes

  1. Gratipay does not take any fee from payments made by Participants to
     Teams. Gratipay and the Service are funded through the Service itself, by
voluntary contributions from Gratipay Participants and Teams who wish to fund
our own **Open Work**. To contribute to Gratipay, please [visit Gratipay's Team
page](/Gratipay/).

  1. You are responsible for paying any third-party fees associated with your
     use of the Service, such as credit card and bank fees.

  1. You are responsible for paying any taxes and withholdings associated with
     your use of the Service. Team Owners, and not Gratipay, are responsible
for compliance with all laws, as well as any taxes and withholding
requirements, applicable to payouts made to Team Members (whether through the
Take-What-You-Want Payout feature or otherwise), including without limitation payroll tax,
unemployment insurance, and worker compensation insurance payments. Team Owners
are also responsible for providing any required tax and other documentation to
employees, independent contractors, tax authorities, or any other person.

1. Content Accessible on the Service

  1. With the exception of content provided by Participants of the Service, the
     contents of Gratipay.com&mdash;including all text, images, data, software,
and audio&mdash;are dedicated to the public domain according to the terms of
the <a href="http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/">CC0 1.0
Universal Public Domain Dedication</a>.

  1. All content accessible through the Service is the sole responsibility of
     the person who provides it, and Gratipay is not responsible for content
provided by any Participant or third party. We do not represent or warrant the
truthfulness, reliability, or accuracy of any content, or that the content does
not infringe the rights of third parties. Gratipay shall not be responsible for
any loss or damage arising out of your access to, use of, or reliance on the
content.

  1. Gratipay reserves the right to remove content for any reason, including
     that it violates our Acceptable Use Policy. The Service may allow
Participants to flag or report graphic, abusive, or otherwise objectionable
content, and Gratipay may disable or filter access to flagged or reported
content. However, Gratipay has no obligation to monitor, filter, or disable
access to any content, and shall not be responsible if you encounter
objectionable content by using the Service.

  1. The Service, including Participant and Team profiles, may contain links to
     other websites. When you access third-party websites linked to from the
Service, you do so at your own risk. Gratipay does not review, control, or
endorse those sites.

1. License to Your Content

  1. You retain your rights to any content you provide through the Service.
     When you provide content through the Service, you grant to Gratipay a
non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, license (including the right
to sublicense) to use, host, store, cache, reproduce, publish, display,
perform, distribute, transmit, adapt, and modify the content, in all media now
known or later developed.

  1. This license permits Gratipay to operate, promote, and improve the
     Service, and to develop new Service. It also permits Gratipay to provide,
publish, or syndicate the content to third parties, for example by providing
for the embedding of content on other services.

  1. You represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights and authority
     to grant this license to Gratipay. With regard to any third-party content
that you submit, you represent and warrant that you have a license to provide
the content according to these Terms, or that your use is otherwise
permissible, for example as fair use.

1. Acceptable Use Policy

  1. The following conduct is prohibited on the Service:

    * Illegal activities, including the promotion or solicitation of illegal
      acts.

    * Malicious activity or content, such as the transmission of viruses,
      malware, or any other malicious or destructive code, or content or
activity intended to harm or disrupt the hardware, networks, or infrastructure
of Gratipay or any third parties.

    * Unauthorized access, including: accessing or attempting to access any
      non-public interface, system, or functionality of the Service, or testing
the Service for vulnerabilities, except as described in our [security
disclosure policy](/about/security/).

    * Abuse, including threats of violence or harassment of a Participant
      through repeated unwanted contact.

    * Posting anyone's personal or confidential information, such as social
      security numbers, credit card numbers, street addresses, phone numbers,
confidential ID numbers, or account passwords, without their permission.

    * Account hijacking, including any access to or use of another
      Participant's account without their permission.

    * Child exploitation, including any content or activity that exploits or
      abuses children.

    * Spam, including posting unsolicited promotional or commercial content in
      comments, sending invitations for the purpose of advertising to the
recipients, or posting content or links for the purpose of manipulating search
or other algorithms.

    * Intellectual property infringement, including the infringing use of third
      party trademarks or the unauthorized and unlawful posting of copyrighted
content. We respond to reports of copyright infringement as described in the
Copyright Policy.

    * Fraud or impersonation, including any use of the Service to impersonate
      or deceive others. Contests or promotions that violate any applicable law
or regulation, or that suggest in any way that Gratipay is involved in or
responsible for the activity.

1. Gratipay's Service Providers

  1. Gratipay uses Braintree, a division of PayPal, Inc. ("Braintree") for
     payment processing services. By using the Braintree payment processing
services you agree to the [Braintree Payment Services
Agreement](https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/payment-services-agreement),
and the applicable [bank
agreement](https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/bank-agreement-us).

1. Nonprofits and Charities using Gratipay

  1. If your Team is associated with a nonprofit organization, soliciting
     payments on Gratipay may subject you to certain state laws regarding
charitable solicitations, including various registration, reporting, and audit
requirements. You are solely responsible for compliance with these and any
other applicable law or regulation.

  1. Gratipay makes no representation or warranty regarding the tax-exempt
     status of any Team, or the tax-deductible status of any payment made via
the Service.

1. Copyright Policy

  1. Gratipay responds to reports of copyright infringement according to the
     notice-and-takedown procedure provided by the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act ("DMCA"). You can contact our designated agent for copyright infringement
notifications and counter-notifications at: Copyright Agent, Gratipay, LLC, 716
Park Road, Ambridge, PA 15003, USA, legal@gratipay.com.

  1. Reporting Instances of Copyright Infringement

    1. If you believe that any content on the Service infringes your copyright,
       please send us a notice containing the following information: a)
identification of the work or material being infringed; b) identification of
the material that is claimed to be infringing, including its location, with
sufficient detail so that Gratipay is capable of finding it and verifying its
existence; c) your contact information, including name, address, telephone
number, and email address; d) a statement that you have a good faith belief
that the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the
law; e) a statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided
in the notice is accurate and that you are authorized to make the complaint on
behalf of the copyright owner; f) a physical or electronic signature of a
person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been
allegedly infringed.

    1. Infringement notices are not confidential. Gratipay may provide the
       information contained in a notice to the Participant who posted the
allegedly infringing content, or to other parties.

  1. Submitting a DMCA Counter-Notification

    1. If you believe that content you posted was wrongfully removed or
       disabled as a result of a copyright infringement notice, you may notify
Gratipay by providing the following information: a) the specific location of
the material that Gratipay has removed or disabled access to; b) your name,
address, telephone number, and email address; c) a statement that you consent
to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in
which your address is located (or the federal district courts located in the
Western District of Pennsylvania if your address is outside of the United
States), and that you will accept service of process from the person who
provided the original notification of infringement (or an agent of that
person); this statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good
faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake
or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled"; and your
signature.

  1. Removal and Termination for Infringement: Gratipay will terminate, under
     appropriate circumstances, the accounts of Participants who repeatedly use
the Service to infringe copyrights. Gratipay also reserves the right, in its
sole discretion, to remove allegedly or apparently infringing content without
notice to you.

1. Service Changes and Limitations

  1. Gratipay may change the Service at any time, without notice to you.
     Gratipay may also stop providing one or more services or features,
introduce new limits on use of the Service, or change the terms upon which the
Service is available.

1. Termination

  1. You may terminate this agreement at any time by closing your account
     through the Service or sending us a notice of cancellation at
legal@gratipay.com and ceasing all use of the Service.

  1. Gratipay may suspend or terminate your access to the Service at any time
     and for any reason, including for violations of these Terms. We will make
reasonable efforts to notify you if we suspend or terminate your account.

  1. Upon termination of your account, Gratipay shall make reasonable efforts
     to remove your content from the Service, except where doing so would
adversely affect the experience of other Participants, and to cease all use of
your content. However, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) removed content may
persist in caches or backups for a reasonable period of time and (b) copies of
or references to your content may not be entirely removed, for example because
it has been copied or referenced by other Participants.

  1. In the event of termination, sections 5, 14, 15, 16, and 17 of these Terms
     shall remain in effect, as will any terms that by their nature extend
beyond termination.

1. Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitations of Remedies

  1. Gratipay makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect
     to the Service, including any representation or warranty that the use of
the Service will (a) be timely, uninterrupted or error-free or operate in
combination with any other hardware, software, system, or data, (b) meet your
requirements or expectations, (c) be free from errors or that defects will be
corrected, or (d) be free of viruses or other harmful components. Gratipay also
makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to any content.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from Gratipay or
through the Service, will create any warranty not expressly made herein.

  1. Your access to and use of the Service or any content is at your own risk.
     YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS"
AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, TO THE FULL EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, GRATIPAY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

1. Limitation of Liability

  1. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GRATIPAY SHALL NOT BE
     LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOOD-WILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES,
RESULTING FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE
SERVICE; (ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF
OTHER PARTICIPANTS OR THIRD PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM THE
SERVICE; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS
OR CONTENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF GRATIPAY OR ITS
AFFILIATES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00) OR THE
AMOUNT YOU PAID GRATIPAY, IF ANY, IN THE PAST SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICE GIVING
RISE TO THE CLAIM.

1. Indemnification

  1. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Gratipay and its
     officers, directors, employees, contractors and agents from and against
any and all claims, causes of action, damages, obligations, losses,
liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including attorneys' fees and costs)
and all amounts paid in settlement arising from or relating to use of the
Service, breach of these Terms or violation of any laws. Gratipay may assume
the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you have agreed to
indemnify Gratipay and you agree to assist and cooperate with Gratipay in the
defense or settlement of any such matters.

1. Miscellaneous Terms

  1. Assignment: You may not assign your rights and obligations under these
     Terms to any other person. In the event of a merger, sale, or acquisition
of substantially all of Gratipay's assets, Gratipay may assign its rights and
obligations under these Terms to its successor except with Gratipay's express
written agreement.

  1. Modifications to this Agreement: Gratipay may occasionally revise these
     Terms. You can find the most recent version at
http://gratipay.com/about/terms/. If we determine, in our sole discretion, that
a change to these Terms is material, we will notify you of the change through
the Service or by emailing you at the address associated with your account. By
using the Service after a new version of these Terms becomes effective, you
thereby agree to be bound by the revised Terms.

  1. Choice of Law: These Terms and the relationship between you and Gratipay
     shall be governed by the laws of the State of Pennsylvania without regard
to its conflict of law provisions. Any and all claims, causes of action, or
disputes (regardless of theory) arising out of or relating to the Service,
shall be brought exclusively in the courts located in Beaver County,
Pennsylvania, or the U.S. District Court for the Western District of
Pennsylvania. You consent and waive any objection to the jurisdiction of and
venue in these courts.

  1. Authority to Enter Into Agreement: You represent and warrant that you have
     the legal authority to enter into this agreement and that the performance
of obligations under this agreement will not violate any agreement between you
and any other person, firm, or organization. If you are entering this agreement
on behalf of another person or entity, you represent and warrant that you are
authorized to do so.

  1. Export Controls: You hereby represent and warrant that (i) you are not
     located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that
has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country;
and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or
restricted parties.

  1. Waiver and Severability: Failure by Gratipay to enforce any right or
     provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or
provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid
or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the
minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will
remain in full force and effect.

  1. Entire Agreement: These Terms and our [Privacy
     Policy](/about/policies/privacy) together form the entire and exclusive
agreement between you and Gratipay regarding the Service (excluding any service
for which you have a separate agreement with Gratipay that is explicitly in
addition to or in place of these Terms), and these Terms supersede and replace
any prior agreements between you and Gratipay regarding the Service. There
shall be no third-party beneficiaries to the Terms.
